# lyrics-generator-ibm-watson-studio- usng python

Lyrics genrerator project is based on generating lyrics using ibm cloud storage

to develop lyric generator using multiple sets of data on using cloud platform. We are developing this generator by referring deep learning technique (RNN method) and using Hidden Markov model to get generate a rap lyrics in all languages with the start word from user on cloud platform.

For developing this project, I used and analysed some AI and ML algorithms like HMM (HIDDEN MARKOV MODEL) and LSTM networks and even we used deep learning technique i.e. RNN method to generate the expected rap lyrics from the dataset with the occurrence and availability of words in the dataset. We created a literature survey on the basis of lyric generator using deep learning.

A hidden Markov model (HMM) is a statistical Markov model in which the system being modeled is assumed to be a Markov process with unobserved (hidden) states.Hidden Markov models are especially known for their application in temporal pattern recognition such as speech, handwriting, gesture recognition,part-of-speech tagging, musical score etc.
In simpler Markov models (like a Markov chain), the state is directly visible to the observer, and therefore the state transition probabilities are the only parameters. In a hidden Markov model, the state is not directly visible, but the output, dependent on the state, is visible. Each state has a probability distribution over the possible output tokens. Therefore, the sequence of tokens generated by an HMM gives some information about the sequence of states. The adjective 'hidden' refers to the state sequence through which the model passes, not to the parameters of the model; the model is still referred to as a 'hidden' Markov model even if these parameters are known exactly.

https://eu-gb.dataplatform.cloud.ibm.com/
